Improve Cardinality description (#9999)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/metrics/index.mdx

Metrics at Sentry come in different flavors, in order to help you track your data in the most efficient and cost-effective way. The metric types we currently support are:

> | Metric type      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Example                                            | Aggregations                                           |
> | ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
> | **Counter**      | Represent cumulative or incremental values that continuously increase over time. They measure the total count or accumulation of events or occurrences.                                                                                                                       | The number of requests processed or button clicks. | `sum`                                                  |
> | **Distribution** | Represent the distribution or frequency of values within a specified range or histogram. They provide insights into how data points are distributed across different intervals, allowing for more detailed analysis of the variability and spread of values within a dataset. | Page load time, request latency.               | `min`, `max`, `avg`, `sum`                             |
> | **Gauge**        | Represent a single, instantaneous value at a specific point in time. They measure the current state of a system or resource. Gauge metrics can increase or decrease over time and are often used for monitoring the real-time performance and health of systems.              | CPU utilization, memory usage, disk space.         | `last`, `avg`, `min`, `max`                            |
> | **Set**          | Represent a collection of distinct objects or elements, where each element is unique and does not have any specific order. Unlike other metric types that measure numerical quantities or distributions, set metrics focus on tracking discrete entities or states.           | Unique users, devices, DB queries executed.        | `count_unique`                                         |

Author: ```suggestion

- **Counters:** Tracks a value that can only be incremented (for example, button clicks)
- **Distributions:** Tracks a list of values which can be aggregated over time like `max`, `min`, `avg` (for example, page load times)
- **Gauges:** Tracks a value that can go up or down (for example, available disk space, memory used)
- **Sets:** Tracks a set of values on which can be aggregations over time such as `count_unique` (for example, number of unique users)
```
